(Here comes director JinSoul!)
JinSoul: Let's get starteed~ Ready~ Action~!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE - Sweet Crazy Love"
(They didn't lose their smile even in the tough schedules!)
JinSoul: Uh?
Kim Lip: Hello! Hi! What's up?
Kim Lip: All the filming is finished!
Kim Lip: I feel bittersweet.
JinSoul: I'm sad...
JinSoul: HOWEVER! We'll begin our promotion soon!
Choerry: Right!
Choerry: So it's not over yet, right?
JinSoul: Shooting music video is not the end~ It's just the start of the promotion!
Kim Lip: And I really look forward to our upcoming promotion!
Choerry: Right!
Kim Lip: It was very fun to shoot the music video today.
Kim Lip: And I'd like to thank you for all of your effort yesterday and today.
Kim Lip: We will always do our best!
Kim Lip: So please send us a lot of love and support!
JinSoul: This has been!
All: LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE!
All: Bye~
(Thank you for watching LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE's LOONA TV!)
JinSoul: Please looking forward to us!
Kim Lip: And give us lots of love~
Choeery: ODD EYE~